Add `FreeLayoutEngine` (#932)
dalyIsaac/Whim: docs/docs/customize/layout-engines.md

> ```

Author: Comment for myself: don't forget formatting on next commit.

![TreeLayoutEngine demo](../../images/tree-layout-demo.gif)

### `FreeLayoutEngine`

> <xref:Whim.Layout.FreeEngineLayout> is a layout that allows users to have only free-floating windows.

Reviewer: The `xref` should be `<xref:Whim.FreeLayoutEngine>`.

```suggestion
<xref:Whim.FreeLayoutEngine> is a layout that has all windows being free-floating. To have specific windows float within a different layout, see the [Floating Layout Plugin](../plugins/floating-layout.md).
```

Author: Done

> ![FreeLayoutEngine demo](../../images/free-layout-demo.gif)

Author: I didn't do the gif.
I don't know if you want to add one.
But if I add it, it will different style from the already existing one.

Reviewer: A gif would be nice. No worries about the styling - my desktop doesn't look like that anymore anyway.

In case it helps, the tool/site I use to capture gifs is https://gifcap.dev/.

Author: Ok, I will add it at the end, when all bugs are solved.

Author: Done ~ But not very appealing

Reviewer: No worries, thanks!
